I'm about to show you how much of a
difference music Trust can make in a
video how about to show you how much of
a different music choice can make in a
video see all right let's get real I'm
about to answer the most asked question
ever on this YouTube channel
nope not how the four of us met that one
for another time but this one where the
hell do we find all of our music and how
can you get access to it right now when
we first started making videos finding
music was uh did everything I could to
try to find the perfect music for our
channel from digging through the
Internet to contact transition begging
them to let us use their music Edna
started composing my own tracks what
turn 1 2 3 . there you're so off no I'm
just kidding but it would take hours and
hours and hours just to find a simple
song and sometimes YouTube would still
end up taking down the video I was
begging for a solution and it landed in
my hand a year ago my life became a lot
easier when a friend told me about
epidemics on st. Thomas there's this
website where there's tens of thousands
of songs of all different genres you can
use for your YouTube channel copyright
free they have a partnership with
YouTube so nothing will get taken down
from the first month at $0 I was like
until yes and now every single time we
use on this channel it's coming from
their massive library here are some
examples
I should be the one for me
[Music]
Jimmy
alright here's what things get
interesting after eight months of using
their service they contacted us and so
that if anyone uses their link in our
description and signs up to their
service
they'll be supporting our channel and
that becomes a win-win for everybody
you'll get the first month for free and
you'll have access to unlimited
downloads of their entire music library
for your YouTube channel or for your own
enjoyment and on top of that you'll be
supporting us to keep making these
videos and maintain the quality of our
content there is a super-fast guide on
how you can sign up
Ferb's click on the link at the top of
the description hit sign yep search for
the name of your account for your
channel and select pick your account
bracket most of you will be turquoise
and continue add your credit card or
PayPal info and you're all set
nor you will not be charged for $15.00
until a full month let's pass clicking
cancel your account whenever you want if
you don't like it super easy and welcome
to our goldmine of copyright free music
if there's a specific song we'd use in a
video that you've been dying to know for
a while let me know in the comments what
video that was and at what point in the
video the song would use and I will
personally tell you what the name of
that song is you can click on the link
in the description go sign up and
finally download it I will see you in
the future in another video with more
amazing music twisting well I mean I'm
patting myself on the back here because
I do spend about 2 to 3 hours per video
picking the music so I do hope it is
reflected in the quality for music
choice see you on Saturday
[Music]